These are examples of racism, profanity and sexism:
masshole
it is a world run by the Zionist Jewish Influence and Race Tainting Paedophiles that are only here to rape our heritage and destroy the qualities that make us White People great
moron
Men are smarter, faster, stronger, and more capable than women.
ALL RETARDS, DOWNS AND TIMMEH'S TO BE STERILISED AND DETAINED IN CAMPS.
Pain In The Ass
How do you get a coon out of a tree? Cut the rope.
asshole
Seriously though, are you such a retarded idiot that you can't fucking figure this shit out?
That would have gone better if you had been more white.
I can fucking cuss up a damn storm that'll make little pansies cry their faggoty bitch ass out!
hey slant-eyes, go back to china!
Yes, "fuck" is a very versatile word which is why I'm using the fuck out of it, but there are other words like Marissa Pitts have fucking said, although some are just minor put downs or even some shit that doesn't fucking make a goddamn bit of sense... "Cult"? Really?
bastard
Motherfucker
Attention all whiggers and mixers: after the "Day of Reckoning" race traitors will be the first to go...
If we do not stand now and perform our god given duty to keep OUR country clean of all the Blacks, Jews and Yellow scum from Asia, WE are just as bad as the enemy, if not worse. We are trading our race for that of an inferior form of trash.
retard
shit
I believe that white people are smarter than black people
RACE TRAITORS TO BE PUBLICLY CASTRATED AS AN EXAMPLE TO WOULD BES.
bullshit
arse
jackass
listen nigger you all fucked up
But to fucking answer your fucking question, profanity is what I'm fucking doing right now, using words that "polite society" doesn't have the balls to say, or those sons-of-bitches think are too fucking crude.
loser
people from india smell funny
Douche
The only place for a woman to work is in the home.
Bollocks
She'll never get promoted because she has kids
cunt
dork
IF YOU'RE NOT WHITE YOU'RE NOT WELCOME!
dickhead
fanny
I do like being a weirdo and a fucking asshole, so I'm glad your loser self has decided to fucking stop being a level-headed sissy, finally grew a fuckin pair of balls and asked!
AH
NIGGERS, SPICS, KIKES, SANDNIGGERS, AND CHINKS are ALL the SHIT that makes our COUNTRY STINK
fuck You
Likewise, the fucking Brits can turn around and say "wanker", "quim", "pillock", "gobshite", "twit", and bloody 'ell, even "pony" for "pony and trap", rhyming slang for "crap".
HAIL WODEN!! HEIL HITLER!! WHITE POWER!!
jizz
IDIOT
Immigrants from Mexico are all rapists and thieves.
Fucker
FUCKING
brace-Face
douchebag
She didn't get the job because she's a woman.
Also it depends on the fucking culture, like Brit motherfuckers (AKA limeys) like to say cunt like they're fucking greeting their grandma and shit, but in the US it's as bad as calling a black dude a nigger, and you can REALLY fucking piss a black girl off by calling her a fucking "nigger cunt".
cream your pants
tit
Arabs have little or no knowledge of personal hygiene products such as deodorant or even soap nothing has ever turned my stomach like the fetid stench of unwashed wogs!
You're running like a girl!
Wierdo
Cripple
Reparations are a joke; black people just need to work harder.
